---
layout: post
title: "Welcome to the new site!"
category: misc
tags: misc
---

I've had a blog before. Somewhere deep in the bowels of the [Internet Archive's Wayback Machine](https://archive.org/web/), should you know the right term to search for, you'll find years of my teenage musings. They were mostly nonsensical to be blunt, and by the time I started "figuring it all out" in college, I had enough sense to remove those things from the public eye (though by no means did I "figure it all out").

## What's all this, then?

This is different. I'm now established, and I actually have valuable things to talk about. So this site will serve as a repository of my thoughts on the state of the identity and access management space, as well as handy tips for Shibboleth, CAS, docker, etc. All those fun things I deal with on a day-to-day-basis.

This is also somewhat of a learning experience. I own two domains [kellenmurphy.com](https://kellenmurphy.com) and [kellenmurphy.dev](https://kellenmurphy.dev). To start, I'll be pointing both domains to this site, hosted using [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) and built with [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/). I've chosen that platform because I'm tired of running an EC2 instance just to host some basic **stuff**... stuff that I never actually managed to really get in place because I spent more time playing around with my AWS instance and dev-y things. It would be more valuable, IMHO, to actually create some content and get that into *something*... rather than waiting until I had something pretty created in order to share content.

Ultimately, what you see now will *only* exist on [kellenmurphy.com](https://kellenmurphy.com), and [kellenmurphy.dev](https://kellenmurphy.dev) will be used principally to showcase some dev projects I've created over the years that I'll be sharing. I'm not ready to go full-tilt into sharing projects, yet, however.

## What can I expect here?

Well, for starters, probably a lot of miscellaneous useful information about [Shibboleth](https://shibboleth.net), both SP and IDP. For the last six years I've been working extensively in the Shibboleth consulting world, and I come across useful tidbits that I'd love to "get out there", but which don't generally rise to the status of worthy of writing a blog post for my [current employer](https://idmengineering.com). That said, I feel like it's important to get that information out there.

I've also grown over the last 2-3 years from "just another bloke that knows Shib" to "just another bloke who has consulted extensively with every major single sign-on product, stack, SaaS, or IDaaS there is." What that means is -- as with Shibboleth -- I've accumulated a wealth of knowledge that I'm keen on sharing. Some of that sharing doesn't warrant some long, drawn-out, SEO optimized pseudo-fluff for the company page.

And lastly, through my experiences for the last few years, I've come to develop opinions on the single sign-on / identity and access management industry which I'd like to share. Hence, it's worth now noting in large, centered text:

<div class="d-flex justify-content-center p-4"><div class="centered warning"><h4>All opinions herein are my own and do not necessarily reflect those of my employer, clients, colleagues, neighbors, or cats!</h4></div></div>

Hope that clears **that** up!

## Anything else?

Yes, I have some personal side-projects that are under development, as I alluded to previously. Those will be here. There may be personal things shared from time to time. There likely will be memes. There will be `code`. There almost certainly will be refactors of the style and design. There may be whole-hog architectural changes. I may obliterate this thing when I feel like it, or not post often, or post a lot...

I really don't know.

I simply felt like it was worth sharing some of my SSO and IAM knowledge within a personal space.